Update Log:
Gollux has been fully implemented.
Added Sweetwater Craft.
Donation Shop is fully revamped.
Fixed an issue with Ignite and now it works properly.
Added new Chairs Inside the game.
Mu Long Dojo has been fixed and have 7 different modes.
Randolf has been updated.
Gollux Scrolls has been fully fixed.
(New Client and WZ Edits will be uploaded soon). 

------------------

The following updates will take place after this restart:
1. Channels 5-8 monsters are now buffed HP/EXP and nx calculations are different on these channels.
2. Added red cubes to lilin, decreased drastically red cube drop rate.

-------------------------------

Unlimited Combos has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Final Toss has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Final Blow has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Heroic Memories has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Combo Drain has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Body Pressure has been fully fixed and now works properly
Aran Class has been fully fixed.
Teleport Mastery (I/L) has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Teleport Mastery (F/P) has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Teleport Mastery (Bishop) has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Teleport Mastery (Evan) has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Teleport Mastery (Battle Mage) has been fully fixed and now works properly.
Overhelming Power has been fully fixed and now works properly.

---------------------------------------

Added Follow the Lead for all classes (Eunice)
Gollux has been fully implemented. Added Sweetwater Craft.
Donation Shop is fully revamped.
Fixed...
----------------------------



Roll of the Dice has been fixed and works properly.
Infinity Blast has been fixed and works properly.
-----------------


Corsair (Refixed).
Roll of the Dice has been fixed and works properly.
Infinity Blast has been fixed and works properly.

Shadower:
Critical Growth: has been fully fixed
@beginner will give a dagger now

Hayato
Battoujutsu Stance: Correct buff is now casted
Merciless Blade: has been fully fixed
Warrior's Heart: has been fully fixed
White Angelic Blessing buff is no longer activated when casting a certain Hayato skills

Paladin
Elemental Charge: Stacks properly now
Blast: Blast buff is applied properly when Elemental Charge is stacked max

Wild Hunter
Jaguar Rampage: damage is now applied correctly

Dawn Warrior
Equinox: has been fully fixed
------------------------

Shadower:
Prime Critical: has been fully fixed 

Hayato:
Hitokiri Strike: Cooldown is now working.

Wind Archer:
Albatross - has been fully fixed 
Trifling Wind - now applies damage on mobs
Touch of the Wind - has been fully fixed

Bowmaster:
Focused Fury - has been fully fixed.

Angelic Buster:
Affinity Heart IV - now applies when using Star Gazer
Supreme Supernova - is working properly now

Night Walker:
Shadow Web: Continuous damage is now applies on the target
Poison Bomb: Over time damage is now applies on the target

Blaze Wizard:
Flame Gear: Over Time damage now applies on target

Dawn Warrior:
Fixed an issue with Call of Cygnus now it works properly.
Fixed an issue with 4th Job Skills not working properly with Equinox.
Fixed an issue with Hyper (Active Skill). now it works properly.

(Fixed Some other stuff but forgot what)?
